i'm ugly and i'm proud.
Well, it's no secret that the best thing about a secret is secretly telling someone your secret, thereby, secretly adding another secret to their secret collection of secret, secretly.
You never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory.
Is Mayonnaise an instrument?
With imagination, you can be anything you want.
Spongebob: Excuse me, sir, but you're sitting on my body, which is also my face.
F is for fire that burns down the whole town, U is for Uranium...bombs! N is for no survivors!
You don't need a license to drive a sandwich.
Sometimes we have to go deep inside ourselves to solve our problems.
Well, it may be stupid, but it's also dumb.
The best time to wear a striped sweater...is all the time.
Too bad SpongeBob's not here to enjoy Spongebob not being here.
Home is where you're surrounded by other critters that care about you.
Once there was an ugly barnacle. He was so ugly that everyone died... the end.
It took three days to make that potato salad...three days!!!
Can I be excused for the rest of my life?
Do instruments of torture count?
Gary, I'm absorbing his blows like I'm made of some sort of spongy material.
SpongeBob: I knew a guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy's cousin...
Hello, we're with the pet hospital down the street, and I understand you have a dying animal on the premises.
Hey Patrick, I thought of something funnier than 24... 25!
The Krusty Krab pizza is the pizza for you and me.
We should take Bikini Bottom and push it somewhere else!
Dumb people are always blissfully unaware of how dumb they really are...(drools)
This is not your average, everyday darkness. This is... ADVANCED darkness.
Squidward, your ceiling is talking to me.
Remember, licking doorknobs is illegal on other planets.
I'll have you know that I stubbed by toe last week and only cried for 20 minutes.
